our story starts in deep water off the
southern tip of Africa on the Agulhas
Bank a safe place for sardines it's
their nursery here hundreds of millions
of tiny fish are growing breeding and
multiplying
they're safe here for now but they can't
stay here forever before long something
will set them on a journey up the coast
of Africa and that something is food in
winter a cold current sweeps a thousand
miles up the coast carrying with it the
sardines plankton food when that time
comes the sardines will have no choice
but to follow
their dangerous journey will take the
past bird island it's the world's
largest colony of fish eating gannets
here 100,000 birds are gathering to
breed
you